Practiced building a grid layout. Had problems centering a group of floating buttons. Discovered at least 3 possible solutions to centre those, using `display: table;` along `margin: 0 auto;` in the parent container; using flexbox; and using inline-block instead of float and using `font-size: 0` in the parent container to remove the whitespace generated by the inline-block.

---

First thing I did was set a night-color for the body background, simply cause I think it looks good and is easier on the eyes than a pure white background.

So, I created a div for the whole grid, then two other divs, one for each row, then the button tag itself. I'm aiming for 6 buttons in each row, but this might change.

I set the dimensions for the containers and the buttons to be consistent, no matter the screen-size. I used absolute values for the dimensions, because I didn't want the elements to be resized relative to the viewport. I gave the buttons a `border-radius: 50%;` to give a round look. I set some small margin and padding for the containers and buttons.

To align the buttons side by side I initially used the float property, but I had trouble centering the buttons inside their container. Apparently, centering float elements is... weird. I found a solution that used `display: table;` and `margin: 0 auto;`, but, like I said, it's weird. I think it's more elegant to use `display: inline-block` and `text-align: center;` in the parent. Slightly better readability. These inline-block level elements naturally have some whitespace in them, which can make calculations for dimensions and positioning confusing, but it can be fixed by setting `font-size: 0;` in the parent. Then, if a font-size is actually required, it can be set on the child elements.

There is only one problem. When I put text inside the buttons, using `<p>` tags, the buttons move down. It's so weird, and I can't find the reason this happens. I suspect its's a buggy interaction between the button and p tags when using some specific css properties.

I could do some shenanigans with the position property, but that's like bruteforcing a solution. It's not elegant and it doesn't teach me anything.

It doesn't happen when I build the layout using `float` and `display: table; margin: 0 auto;` though.

I may try using a rounded, clickable div instead of a button tag (looks similar, but doesn't have the button pressed down/up effect when you click it), and may use other tags to have text content in, instead of the p tag.